Haly.GeneratedClients/Specs/README.md, before:

# OpenAPI specification files

## Spotify

`spotify-open-api.yml` uses [sonallux/spotify-web-api](https://github.com/sonallux/spotify-web-api) repo.

Whenever a new spec version is published, carefully update it, so that our fixes are not removed.

### Changes

-   `ArtistObject` - set as nullable: **href**, **id**, **uri**
-   `ArtistObject` - add _show_ value to **type** enum
-   `SimplifiedArtistObject` - set as nullable: **href**, **id**, **uri**
-   `SimplifiedArtistObject` - add _show_ value to **type** enum
-   `SimplifiedTrackObject` - set as nullable: **available_markets**, **href**, **id**, **preview_url**, **uri**
-   `SimplifiedTrackObject` - add _episode_, _track_ values to **type** enum
-   `TrackObject` - set as nullable: **available_markets**, **href**, **id**, **preview_url**, **uri**
-   `TrackObject` - add _episode_ value to **type** enum
-   `PlaylistTrackObject` - set as nullable: **track**
-   `AlbumBase` - remove **total_tracks**, **available_markets** from required list
-   `AlbumBase` - set as nullable: **album_type**, **available_markets**, **href**, **id**, **release_date**, **release_date_precision**, **uri**
-   `AlbumBase` - add _show_ value to **type** enum
-   `CursorPagingObject` - set as nullable: **next**
-   `CursorObject` - set as nullable: **after** and **before**
-   `unfollow-artists-users` - replace _200_ response with _204_
-   `SimplifiedPlaylistObject` - set as nullable: **public**
-   `CurrentlyPlayingContextObject` - add **format: int64** to _timestamp_ property
-   `CurrentlyPlayingContextObject` - set as nullable: **context**
-   `transfer-a-users-playback` - add _202_ response (same as _204_)
-   `QueueObject` - set as nullable: **currently_playing**
-   `PlayHistoryObject` - set as nullable: **context**

Commit message:

Connect shuffle and repeat buttons to player api

Haly.GeneratedClients/Specs/README.md, after:

# OpenAPI specification files

## Spotify

`spotify-open-api.yml` uses [sonallux/spotify-web-api](https://github.com/sonallux/spotify-web-api) repo.

Whenever a new spec version is published, carefully update it, so that our fixes are not removed.

### Changes

-   `ArtistObject` - set as nullable: **href**, **id**, **uri**
-   `ArtistObject` - add _show_ value to **type** enum
-   `SimplifiedArtistObject` - set as nullable: **href**, **id**, **uri**
-   `SimplifiedArtistObject` - add _show_ value to **type** enum
-   `SimplifiedTrackObject` - set as nullable: **available_markets**, **href**, **id**, **preview_url**, **uri**
-   `SimplifiedTrackObject` - add _episode_, _track_ values to **type** enum
-   `TrackObject` - set as nullable: **available_markets**, **href**, **id**, **preview_url**, **uri**
-   `TrackObject` - add _episode_ value to **type** enum
-   `PlaylistTrackObject` - set as nullable: **track**
-   `AlbumBase` - remove **total_tracks**, **available_markets** from required list
-   `AlbumBase` - set as nullable: **album_type**, **available_markets**, **href**, **id**, **release_date**, **release_date_precision**, **uri**
-   `AlbumBase` - add _show_ value to **type** enum
-   `CursorPagingObject` - set as nullable: **next**
-   `CursorObject` - set as nullable: **after** and **before**
-   `unfollow-artists-users` - replace _200_ response with _204_
-   `SimplifiedPlaylistObject` - set as nullable: **public**
-   `CurrentlyPlayingContextObject` - add **format: int64** to _timestamp_ property
-   `CurrentlyPlayingContextObject` - set as nullable: **context**
-   `transfer-a-users-playback` - add _202_ response (same as _204_)
-   `toggle-shuffle-for-users-playback` - add _202_ response (same as _204_)
-   `set-repeat-mode-on-users-playback` - add _202_ response (same as _204_)
-   `QueueObject` - set as nullable: **currently_playing**
-   `PlayHistoryObject` - set as nullable: **context**
